Add guidelines for code reviews. (#44)
abtion/guidelines: code-reviews/README.md

  irrespective of their job title.
- Words such as "just", "simply", and "easily" tend to pass judgment about the
  difficulty of a problem.

## Giving feedback
- Always read your comment from the perspective of the author of the pull
  request.
- If you see something good, say something good.
- Suggest specific changes rather than using phrases such as "What do you think
  about clarifying X?" and explain why a change might be appropriate.
- Avoid selective ownership of code ("yours", "mine" etc.).
- Consider reading the code changes from the bottom to the top to catch issues
  that others might overlook (as most people tend to read the code from the
  top to bottom).

## Receiving feedback
- The feedback is not a critique of you but the code. 
- Be grateful for the reviewer's suggestions.
- Provide context to the pull request and explain the motivation for it.
- Add comments to specific lines where you want feedback or have questions.
- Add comments to specific lines where you anticipate questions and explain why
  you changed something.
- Every comment should be seen as a suggestion. Ask questions until you
  understand it and agree that the change would be an improvement.

> - Tag the appropriate people in the PR (`git blame` can be useful here. Bonus
>   points for aliasing `git blame` to `git praise`).

Reviewer: It already has the alias `git annotate`, so it could be rephrased to

```suggestion
- Tag the appropriate people in the PR (`git annotate` can be useful here).
```

But I do acknowledge that `git praise` is positive, where `git annotate` is neutral.

Author: `git annotate` is new to me but I agree that it makes sense to change the sentence. Thanks!
